Virtual Youtuber,
Kizuna Ai here!
"It's not against the rules, but this is just wrong!"
Those kind of things,
don't you have those times?
That uneasy feeling?
I, Judge Kizuna Ai shall
decide whether it's guilty or not guilty!
With that out of the way,
1st Trial
KIZUNA AI TRIAL
will start now!
Our first case is this:
Edison, 16 year old high school student
"When I was on my private computer,
and doing my very important daily work
my mother suddenly, without knocking,
barged into my room..
..she saw what I was working on
Was she wrong? Or is that okay?"
Ok, Edison-san!
From the sound of it you
seem to beat the meat, huh?
Suddenly opening your door...
mother.
This is pretty hard case huh?
Even though with families,
there is some kind of privacy but..
you're only a second year 16 year old student.
In that case, it means your parents are paying for the rent and the house, right?
I kinda understand the feeling of your
mother opening your door...
I also understand Edison's feeling on this case.
Receiving support from your family...
that time in our lives.
That's important to understand.
Right?
If you don't get their support,
you can't live alone just yet, yeah?
That "personal computer" you were using also
probably was bought by your parents too,
so,
I'll deliver the judgement!
NOT GUILTY
It can't be helped, unless you start
earning for yourself and
pay your parents the money and say,
"This is what I paid for myself so don't come in here."
..I think it's better to solve it that way!
You can't really help it if you're still a second year.
That important work,
do it in a net cafe or somewhere else.
The next one is this case:
30 year old employee,
Tosh.
The other day,
I was at a certain idol group's concert.
A person next to me was
wearing happi and holding light sticks like a fan.
Like a hand fan...
in your hand.
So, there was a guy like that.
When the song started playing,
this guy
was trying to commemorate the idols
and started doing wotagei.
[demonstrating wotagei]
He brushed against my shoulders
a few times while doing so
"I...
"I didn't come to see your wotagei, but the idols!"
Shouldn't this...
be a sin?
Aah, this is..
a very deep problem.
Well, there are different ways to enjoy the concert
and people have right to do their own thing,
people do wotagei or calls and
enjoy it like that.
There are many ways to enjoy concerts, right?
BUT!
It's not okay to make people around you feel uneasy!
Right!
That's like...
When I went to the YuiKaori concert!
First of all, they wore different t-shirts..
Why?
Why don't you wear YuiKaori t-shirt or normal t-shirt?
That's LoveLive t-shirt, right?
Isn't that Tamura Yukari t-shirt?
Isn't that Mizuki Nana t-shirt?
So, those guys were at the side
and in the front there is this space after the seats, right?
Suddenly,
a friend of those guys at the side came.
That guy came to the front
and he started wotagei!
And they hit us
What do you think about that?
As a person,
don't you question common sense
in those kind of people?
Ah, it wasn't me.
There was such a thing.
And with that, let's deliver our judgement.
GUILTY
Sentenced to life!
I hope you reflect on your actions.
Even though there are many ways to
enjoy a concert,
think of other people...
Annoying other people like that is bad.
Since everyone there paid the same money as you,
they're fan of that idol too, you know!
With those kinds of actions,
they could stop being fan of that idol!
It'll affect the sales of the idol, you know!
It's not "defamation"...
What do you call that thing that affects sales? (lol)
I forgot.
What was it..
ah
"Disturbance of business"!
For people who really want to do wotagei,
go rent a karaoke place with your friends
and go have fun with your friends there!
That's it!
The last one is this case:
24 years old freeter, Sana.
"There's this game I really like.
The other day,
the girl I really like in this game
finally got her most rare card released but,
for this month...
I don't have any money.
I don't think I can get this
rare card of my favorite girl...
Am I guilty for this?
Well,
it's really nice to see your favorite girl  get a nice rare card...
I'VE BEEN WAITING!
HERE SHE COMES!
It makes you feel like that, right?
But...
it doesn't mean you'll definitely get her.
That feeling whether you should
pull or not pull...
"If you pull, you can get her,
if you never pull, then you'll never get her!"
You spend money...
well, you can do that.
But don't you have that daily login bonus thing?
I think you should save those for the girl you really like!
In that case, then your love is lacking.
Lacking.
And really,
it's obvious that such a thing
would happen.
If you really like the character then,
then you should use your saving for that gacha,
right?
"I don't have money"
..is a bad excuse.
But really though,
we can't really do that since we have real life, huh..
And so, we'll deliver the judgement for this case:
NOT GUILTY
This is really up to everyone's
decision...
I don't think it's wrong to not chase gacha
for your beloved character.
But really,
in my case..
I'll keep pulling until I get the character.
It's only obvious.
I have all of the most rare cards of
my favorite characters.
SIF?
LoveLive?
Yazawa Nico-chan?
Today we reviewed 3 cases in this trial.
If you have any cases you want to be
reviewed by me, Judge Ai,
Send it to me through the website!
[check the description]
I,
Judge Kizuna Ai, will
decide whether you are guilty or not!
So that was our first Kizuna Ai Trial,
with this I declare the trial over!